DATABASE SYSTEMS SUPPORTED:
- MySQL
- Oracle

NUTRIENT DATABASES INCLUDED:
- Canadian Nutrient File, Health Canada, 2010
  (electronic version at www.healthcanada.gc.ca/cnf)
- U.S. Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service. 2012.
  USDA National Nutrient Database for Standard Reference, Release 25.
  Nutrient Data Laboratory Home Page, http://www.ars.usda.gov/ba/bhnrc/ndl
  (Full and Abbreviated versions.)

PROJECT DESCRIPTION:
Nutriana takes the food composition data released by various official sources in the
world and converts it into formats specific to the database systems mentioned above.

HOW IT WORKS:
A human being is needed to extract the description and constraints of a given nutrient
database into a file that can be programmatically processed.  The JSON format was chosen
for readability and portability reasons.
Nutriana never modifies the nutrient database's official data files.  However, to ensure
successful database creation and data import, some changes may be necessary.  The
modifications are fully disclosed in the */MODIFICATIONS files, and usually involve
schema definition corrections (e.g. field size or primary or foreign key adjustments).
Occasionally though, values are converted to uppercase or trailing spaces are removed
from the data files.

IF YOUR PREFERRED DATABASE IS NOT SUPPORTED:
It should be easy to add support for other databases by copying one of the Perl module
files (*.pm) and editing it as needed to output the format for your database system.
(If you find it's not, let me know by creating an issue.)
Run the build.sh file to (re)generate the database vendor files.  The script will
automatically detect the new .pm file and attempt to output SQL for it.
To alter the database name or user credentials, edit the "generate_sql.pl" file.

AUTHOR:
- Maarten van Egmond

LICENSE:
- Nutriana is released under the MIT license; see the LICENSE file.
- Full licensing and usage information for the incuded nutrient databases is available in
  the */LICENSE files.
